what is DNS ? How it related with subnet mask?
what is the reletion bitween IP address and subnet mask ?
How to see CPU usage ? what are the different parameters of that command?
how to transefer securely file over network ?
what is subnet mask ?
what are the tools to use to show another/remote screen on your system and at saame time through voice also?
how to upload file on remote server ?
Maximam numbers of subnet mask number?
top,last,who i am,which
https configuration related question.
what are the packages for apache server configuration?
About DNS server configuration files,packages etc.
how many zone in DNS?
about mail server configuration files,packages.
How to call script through cron job?
how to use DELETE command in DB? Example with one example.
About DHCP.
what is the output of TOP command ?
How to check CPU information?
how to check memory information?
how to check kernal version ?
what is Kernal ?
use of SCP command?
what is swap memory ?
have you ever create LVM ?
how to remove abc.txt file ?
how to check http version ?
how to stop firewall service ?
what is  .bashrc and .bash_profile ?
what is different bitween application server and webserver ?
how to increase heap memory size ? what is the exact parameter name to do this and where to change ?
what is load blancer ? how to configure it ? how to works ?
how do you install packages?
what if there is no RPM and YUM is Available ?
what is grep command ?
how to find pradeep in a texe file ?
how to check disk space .
what is name of Samba configuration file ?
what is the port number of SFTP ?
how to change root password ?
what is AWK ?
how to find all last 30 day file ?
how can you see all mounted drives ?
how to check all open ports on linux machine.
in which file is static IP address given so that it becomes Permanent ?
/etc/sysconfig/network-scripts/ifcfg-eth)
to chech which service is running at present in system what is the command ?
service -status-all
ps -ef
what is different bitween Telnet and SSH ?
ssh is secured shell, where telnet is not secured. when you trasnfer data with ssh datawill be send incryped from .
but sending data with telnet data transfer in alfabatical formate.
what is mean by raid and what are all raids available even in software and harward ?
why the kernam panic erroe was appering ?
kernel panic acured when linux kernal can not communicat with any hardware or any OS related file.
how can you find out how long the system has been running ?
what is shall ?
how to kill process ?
how to executed a a linux command in the background ?
what is NFS ?  what it 's job ?
how do you find out what's your shell .
what are PIDs ?
how willyou find packages is installed or not ?
how to see which linux flaver version is install 
list all the files of /var file system which are not accessed more then 30 days ?
how do you find out all process that are currently running ?
what is file system ?
what linux command controls the default file permision when file are creted ?
how do you count words ,line and characters in a file .
